Quality beer is one of
the great pleasures in life.
However, our relationship with beer is changing.
We are looking for new
flavours, and expect beer –
to support our healthy lifestyles.
Also, we want our beer
to be produced sustainably.
At VTT, we develop flavourful,
low-alcohol beers –
using new and improved yeast strains.
We can select the
best microorganisms –
from our culture collection
of over 6500 strains, –
and develop methods for detecting
and controlling harmful microorganisms.
Our pilot brewing facilities enable
us to cover all steps of the process, –
from malting to brewing, and strain
development to fermentation.
Together with our partners, our passion
for beer and innovation help us –
develop new, safe and sustainable
brewing technologies –
to meet the challenges of the modern brewery.